the iPhone 5 is an incredible phone you
will notice that apps load up twice as
fast thanks to the new a6 processor
which has two times the processing speed
in two times the graphics performance
than the a5 image reviewing is nearly
incident in the display has forty four
percent more color saturation resulting
in higher and sharper image quality web
pages load as fast as the data transfer
allows they added 176 rows of pixels
make web page viewing a beautiful
experience the retina display with 332
pixels per inch renders images so crisp
you have to see it in person to
experience the full effect
for a benchmark test I decided to use
geekbench to buy primate labs as it
seemed to be a very popular choice among
users I have no running apps here
allowing my processor to perform its
best
my iphone 5 scored is 1648 overall feel
free to pause the video for a closer
inspection of each categories scores
you
for the LTE speed test I used
speedtest.net mobile notice that I ran
this test at six-thirty 1pm a time when
everyone is using their phones and as a
result the bandwidth is consumed at
higher rates I am located somewhere in
the Great Lakes region running on
Verizon's 4G LTE network apple claims
that 4G LTE can reach download speeds of
up to 100 megabytes per second and
others have confirmed that 4G LTE is in
fact faster than their home internet
connections I have cable internet
clocking in around forty megabytes per
second during the days in 15 megabytes
per second on the weekends and evenings
viewing my previous results you can see
that at 551 I averaged 10 megabytes per
second download speed in 12 megabytes
per second upload speed I am curious to
see what results I get during the day
considering that my home internet goes
from 42 about 15 megabytes per second
you